DOC-2582: Add `exportword`, `importword` and `exportpdf` JWT authentication guides for (Node.js). (#3517)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/auth/document-converters/initial-project-setup.adoc

== Quick Start Guide

=== Project Setup

[source,bash]
----
# Create and enter project directory
mkdir tinymce-my-app
cd tinymce-my-app

# Initialize project
npm init -y

# Install required packages
npm install express cors jsonwebtoken
----

Verify that the `package.json` file now includes the required dependencies.

=== Create Project Structure

[source,bash]
----
# Create the public folder for your web files
mkdir public
touch public/index.html
touch jwt.js
----

Your project should look like this:

[source]
----
/tinymce-my-app
  /public
    index.html  (TinyMCE webpage)
  jwt.js        (Server code)
  package.json  (Project configuration)
----

> . Inside the `public` folder where you created the `index.html` file add the HTML setup code (refer to the *Setting up {productname} HTML* section).

Author: Updated to `Web Page (public/index.html)` so its clear- we cannot link to it as its a partial file and updating to link to the specific section on the page will cause issues.

== Quick Start Guide

=== Project Setup (5 minutes)

[source,bash]
----
# Create and enter project directory
mkdir tinymce-my-app
cd tinymce-my-app

# Initialize project
npm init -y

# Install required packages
npm install express cors jsonwebtoken
----

> Verify that the `package.json` file includes the below required dependencies:
> 
> [source,json]
> ----
> {
>   "dependencies": {
>     "cors": "^2.8.5",
>     "express": "^4.21.0",
>     "jsonwebtoken": "^9.0.2"
>   }
> }
> ----

Author: ```suggestion
Verify that the `package.json` file now includes the required dependencies.
```
